Add section about Nix and NixOS (#280)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/docs/installation/installation-packages.md

The community also maintains a [development version](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/precice-git) and [several other packages](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages?&K=precice).

> ### Nix / NixOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nix / NixOS
```

(to put it at the same level as Ubuntu/Arch, not under Arch)

Author: good catch;)

In addition to the community efforts listed above, preCICE and several of the bindings and adapters are available for Nix in the [precice/nix-packages repository](https://github.com/precice/nix-packages/).

> If you are using Nix (or NixOS for that matter), you can simply run the command `nix shell github:precice/nix-packages#precice-calculix-adapter github:precice/nix-packages#precice-openfoam-adapter` for instance, which will drop you into a shell with the CalculiX adapter and the OpenFOAM adapter accessible.

Reviewer: When having longer commands, I think it is clearer and more convenient if they are in code blocks:

```suggestion
If you are using Nix (or NixOS for that matter), you can simply run the command

```shell
nix shell github:precice/nix-packages#precice-calculix-adapter github:precice/nix-packages#precice-openfoam-adapter
```

for instance, which will drop you into a shell with the CalculiX adapter and the OpenFOAM adapter accessible.
```

(not sure if the code suggestion feature got confused now)

However, we appreciate the effort and you may be able to contribute to them.

- [MSYS2](https://packages.msys2.org/base/mingw-w64-precice) (for Windows, built with MinGW), [thread on our forum](https://precice.discourse.group/t/precice-and-mingw-packages/382)
- [EasyBuild](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-easyconfigs/tree/develop/easybuild/easyconfigs/p/preCICE)
- [Conda](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/precice) (see also packages [pyprecice](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/pyprecice) and [fenicsprecice](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/fenicsprecice))
- [FreeBSD](https://www.freshports.org/science/precice)

> ### Nix / NixOS

Reviewer: A better place for this section would be between "Arch Linux / Manjaro" and "Something else".

Author: We've had a discussion about this. The sections above are all officially maintained, while this project is more a community effort. I can, however, also place it up there since it is a bit more text than the other community efforts.

Reviewer: Since these packages are now in the preCICE organization, I think we will keep maintaining them in some way. Community efforts are completely out of our hands.

> In addition to the community efforts listed above, preCICE and several of the bindings and adapters are available in a [separate repository](https://github.com/precice/nix-packages/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the community efforts listed above, preCICE and several of the bindings and adapters are available for Nix in the [precice/nix-packages repository](https://github.com/precice/nix-packages/).
```

> In addition to the community efforts listed above, preCICE and several of the bindings and adapters are available for Nix in the [precice/nix-pakcages repository](https://github.com/precice/nix-packages/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the community efforts listed above, preCICE and several of the bindings and adapters are available for Nix in the [precice/nix-packages repository](https://github.com/precice/nix-packages/).
```

Author: good catch!

> If you are using Nix (or NixOS for that matter), you can simply run the command `nix shell github:precice/nix-packages#precice-aster github:precice/nix-packages#precice-openfoam-adapter` for instance, which will drop you into a shell with code-aster and the OpenFOAM adapter accessible.

Reviewer: A more useful example would be OpenFOAM and CalculiX, as this is used in several of our tutorials.

All available outputs of the Nix flake can be shown by running `nix flake show github:precice/nix-packages`.

> The Nix flake also contains the outputs `vm`, `iso` and `vagrant-vbox-image`, which output a VM in several formats containing a remake of the preCICE distribution v2211.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Nix flake also contains the outputs `vm`, `iso` and `vagrant-vbox-image`, which output a VM in several formats containing a remake of the [preCICE distribution v2211.0](installation-vm.html).
```

To run the preCICE VM you can, on a NixOS system, simply run `nix run github:precice/nix-packages`.

> Note that this will build all the components needed for the preCICE VM locally on your machine, if they cannot be fetched from the upstream binary cache (which, at the time of writing, will be almost all of the packages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this will build all the components needed for the preCICE VM locally on your machine, if they cannot be fetched from the upstream binary cache.
```
To make things timeless.

A full build of the VM can take several hours, depending on the hardware used.

> For more options have a look at the readme in the repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more options have a look at the [readme](https://github.com/precice/nix-packages#readme) in the repository.
```

> For all packages available upstream, see the [NixOS search](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&query=precice).

Reviewer: Are the packages from `precice/nix-packages` going to be (automatically) published on nixos.org? If yes, then it would make more sense to bring first this link, and later describe the repository.

Author: No, the packages are not published in any automated way. We decided not to submit them on purpose, so we could quickly make changes on our own without having to wait for upstream to adopt the changes.

Maybe the packages could be submitted upstream in the future, but this is not part of the scope.

> For all the packages which are already available upstream, see [this link](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&query=precice) which takes you to the NixOS search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For all packages available upstream, see [NixOS search](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&from=0&size=50&sort=relevance&query=precice).
```
